The gambling corner now, yes illegal right, but they gambled in the street. It's the only place in Great Britain
They gambled in the street and what I'm talking about, you're taking half of a street
There'd be different schools like that. One what they call dollar dollar
You couldn't be broke because you could stand on a gambling corner. You can go down there with no money, right? Somebody wins
Now they had one side, they knew he was skin so when he passed somebody say oh yeah go and try your luck
He's half a crown
That's twelve and a half P, but half a crown was half a crown. You'd go then you see they start off
games
You could see the girls all come on losses over here
That means the ones like it's gonna pay six pence six pence
Then you work your way up. You might get you might say I do a shinnin you might work your way up to ten bob
That's 50 P. So you say well
You're going to try dollar dollar
That's five shillings five shinnings 25 P 25 P
Well, you might win there you might go then he goes you got into the pom-pom
But I'm reading a big game then it wasn't many in net and when he goes like that
So you've brought one game say that I don't know. They goes that give you gone big time
Hang on and he'd be watching you then like a cinema. They go
Die you moved up the first division too quick
No, well, you you've taken about two hours to get a poem
You've gone there and before you touch today
So you put the poem down someone touched it and give you what they call a nick at the door
They goes it was a death blow. You know, we never looking
And he had all kind of jokes even about
You know gambling they say you couldn't be a lucky and so so Johnny Erskine's a favorite for telling tales. He said that
Johnny Erskine
He's dead. He said you couldn't he said you couldn't but I'm no bad luck and so so he mentioned some
Name whenever you heard of him. He said the man never gambled in his life
He said he only bent down like that look and he said his wage packet dropped out of his pocket before
No, where is he said he named something touched it and as he shot the dice he said a nick him
He said the man don't even gamble but once your money's on a floor seat, you're entitled to touch it and shoot the dice
He's on top of that. He said he's dead. Thanks. Oh my god. What do I do? He said the car combined
He said that's where you go bad luck
But yet see nobody wouldn't wouldn't gamble with Johnny you see yet
Well, you'd have to understand those games. You could have a lot when you you can go in that corner and you'd have a laugh
You know, I may be what these come mixers like, you know, they'd there'd be one night
You know, you're throwing dice on a curb stones. See you know on the curb some well sometimes the dice would
Rest in the curb some it's a lane flat. So
They go well, what is it is it a six or is it you know or a two
So they go right call an outsider
Nobody in our game can't give the decision. He goes call an outsider
So you better call someone across the road and he don't know if you threw the dice on him
He goes what did I look like a six or a three?
And he always gotta be an old timer. See you know, you had some wicked old timers
You get cracking and he goes who threw him?
So
One would before it could say anything. It was me
if he thought like you're one of them but when you win you give him five shit and she goes
Man, anyone could see that's a six
Well, you're calling me for stupidness like that for this plane. That's a six and then the agony was that one say you're dirty old cripples
They said your mother should have strangled you at birth
No, see though Louie James
You know Louie James, he's some dumb ass clothes that he brought up ten kids five girls five boys
Now he was another clone like, you know, he he had a rude mouth like you know, but he didn't mean it he had
He'd come there no and he was
He was a good gambler, but a trouble, he's gambling all he owes keeping money
See he'd come like this he wouldn't be hanging around he'd come and put it down already go one time
I'd like you know what we call shit. I'll bust you either win or you don't he don't believe it hanging around
I put it
He you know, you had different characters in
Louie can guarantee if Louie was in again, there's gonna be a fight after
You know, he he likes he just like to fight
You know he he likes he just like to fight
Well, he wasn't my uncle yes, he wasn't nobody wasn't shot it wasn't over gambling that he was standing on a gambling corner
And another man come behind him his countrymen and shot him
So the end of my father was standing there. No, you've seen cripples, but it was slow run that day
Only well that for what I thought what happened now
That man was a seam the man has shot him
Well, apparently he was going to see and leaving money to this man to send them to his family his mother like in Somalia
When he come home from see apparently this man had been sending her money
So what I heard he was gambling it
Well, I've lost much remember when he heard he come on we heard his one of his family something died
back home through
You know no aid no money. So no man just took up the gun and shot him